>> Speaker 1: I think we should
do an accessibility audit of,
yeah, we could do Frontend Masters.
>> Jon Kuperman: We'll warm people up.
>> Speaker 1: [LAUGH]
>> Jon Kuperman: I also did
a Chrome Dev Tools audit of
Frontend Masters last time I was here,
so Mark's used to the scrutiny.
All right, cool, so we're gonna run one
of these audits here on the home page and
see where we're at with things.
>> Jon Kuperman: I'm really starting to
get the feel like something is broken with
this reload page and
audit function, right.
>> Speaker 1: It's just the site is so
bad.
>> Jon Kuperman: No, no,
the more I'm seeing is something is wrong.
Yeah, okay, cool, I'll do it right.
>> Speaker 1: It just crashed.
>> Jon Kuperman: Okay cool so like so
here is playing into something
that we've talked about before.
I really wanted to lean on like what's
good for accessibility is good for
everybody.
So, one of the first things is
that we've got some duplicate ids
which are not allowed so
we've got playing in name and
auto bullet are both-
>> Speaker 1: That looks like
actually something with our player,
the video player.
>> Jon Kuperman: That's
not from you I would say.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah
that's the video player.
>> Jon Kuperman: I told you it's not
always within your control unfortunately.
>> Speaker 1: Although we
are creating a brand new player
you can see that next up from the dot com.
>> Speaker 3: That's
the one you should audit.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah alright, next.
[INAUDIBLE] Yeah it's not
always in your control.
>> Speaker 1: You didn't spell it.
>> Speaker 4: You need a T.
>> Jon Kuperman: All
right everybody [LAUGH]
So, one thing that's
just as I noticed like things that I
noticed a lot like anytime you have stuff
that you embed like if you have a bunch
of YouTube videos on your site.
You running to that kind of thing
a lot like duplicate IDs or
duplicate scripts different things
like that is pretty common.
All right cool go back to
edit action [INAUDIBLE]
This is sweet, I haven't seen this yet.
>> Speaker 5: Are you logged in?
>> Jon Kuperman: No.
>> Speaker 1: I'll log into the main
so I can [INAUDIBLE].
>> Jon Kuperman: My god.
Some weird cookie stuff.
>> Speaker 1: [LAUGH] This is beta stuff.
>> Jon Kuperman: No, no.
You're right, you're right, you're right.
It's [INAUDIBLE] stuff.
This is Might not be my password.
It was my password.
Okay, all right.
Alright here we are.
Okay so
severe Mark severe we got work to do so
yeah the first one is controls in media
elements should have Some kind of label.
So, you got the main video here
in the center of the screen.
It doesn't have any label for it, so as
you're like tabbing through or something
like that, it should have some kind of
label, even if you visually hide it.
Let's see.
>> Speaker 1: I'm sure there's
like a Video.js accessibility,
like a plugin or something?
>> Speaker 5: You can use [INAUDIBLE]
>> Speaker 1: Add on?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, definitely.
I mean, yeah, again, it's just for
if you're tabbing through,
you want the screen reader to just say.
This is the video, maybe the video
title or something like that.
Okay, cool, so elements with ARIA
roles must be in the correct scope.
So, what is going on here?
First of all, great job on having so
many ARIA roles.
I'm assuming-
>> Speaker 1: Yeah,
I mean we're pretty much
sticking to stock video, Jazz.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
I'd have to look into this one.
But conveniently,
they always put a link to
an explanation in the Chrome dev tools for
why they're pegging you as something.
Okay so the required context role defines
the owning container where the role is
allowed.
Okay so bad, the listitem role must be
owned by an element with role list.
Okay so
you can't have listitems without a list.
So we've got something like that here,
menuitems without a menu.
Okay so all these different
controls here are great
because they have menuitem role,
but you can't have menu items
without a menu,
can't have list items without a list.
Doesn't seem severe, but it is [LAUGH].
Cool, elements of unsupported
ARIA attributes, ARIA, let's see.
>> Jon Kuperman: Unsupported one.
I think that,
yeah has pop up is a real one.
I think there's something specific.
I'm not sure on that one either.
That one's a little bit tricky.
It's complaining that one
of those is unsupportive.
I think that's more.
>> Speaker 1: How is that severe if
you have something that's unsupported.
>> Jon Kuperman: I don't know.
>> Speaker 1: If it can't understand it,
wouldn't it just ignore it?
>> Jon Kuperman: I didn't make
the school Mark, I don't know.
Yeah, I think so, I think yeah,
I'm not sure why that's severe.
I'd have to look into that one more.
I'm assuming that,
it looks like what's going on.
Cuz I think those are all three,
they are supported attributes,
but I think maybe not on the element or
on the role type that it's being given.
It can get a little bit
finicky about that.
And then-
>> Speaker 1: No alt text.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yep.
So we've got some images
that don't have alt text.
>> Speaker 1: What about that third one?
>> Jon Kuperman: What about, one, two.
Elements with ARIA roles must
ensure required owned elements.
Yeah, so, this is like the opposite.
I'd have to look into what's going,
so these are complaining about
the exact opposite things.
This is saying
>> Speaker 4: What if those are the items
that belong to that menu?
They're just not inside of it?
>> Jon Kuperman: I think what's going
on is that we just have a simple
nesting issue.
Because it's like, this is saying there's
a ton of role menu items that don't have
a parent with role menu.
And this is saying the exact opposite.
We've got two things with role menu that
don't have menu items inside of them
[LAUGH] So, I'm assuming it's just like-
>> Speaker 4: a It's a bunch of orphans
>> Jon Kuperman: A div nesting issue like
maybe you have an extra closing div or
something like that.
>> Speaker 1: Our lead developer Kai
on the new player he's not tuning in so
it's watching it live so.
>> Jon Kuperman: All right I'm
gonna be even more polite.
Cool text elements without
contrast ratios so
it looks like a lot of
these settings ones.
I can pop this out.
>> Jon Kuperman: Try to
find where they are.
Okay, so yeah so
a couple of these links here, come on,
I don't know why, anyway.
A couple of these links don't have
enough contrast ratio to them.
So you could either run this through,
like something like totally will point
out which ones are low contrast or
you could just pull the colors out
of it and run it through that site.
Cool, a couple of other little things.
A webpage should have human language, so
this one will have html class js which
will probably have lang en on the html
top too, just to be conformant.
Video elements should use Track
elements to provide captions.
So, if there's a caption in the video,
it should be inside a track tab.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah,
we haven't implemented captions yet
in the new player, but we will.
>> Jon Kuperman: Cool.
I don't know.
I mean, yeah, I mean, it is what it is.
The severe seems a little bit severe,
to call it, for some of those.
I really think the biggest
fixes in here are that, and
I'd have to poke around a little bit more,
but it looks like something's off where
yeah, so this role of Menu has an,
I see what it is.
I think it's a nested ULs,
I think is what's going on.
But basically, so we've got all these Menu
items that don't have a Menu parent, and
then we've got these Menu parents
that don't have Menu items.
So just have to look at
the cord a little bit closer,
but I think they just need to
be moved under each other.
All right, we've embarrassed Mark and
he's brought us all here.
So, somebody's gotta volunteer a site and
we'll, yeah.
>> Speaker 4: Can you
look up the Kixer site?
>> Jon Kuperman: What is that?
>> Speaker 4: Kixer.
Yeah.
>> Jon Kuperman: Is it with an e?
>> Speaker 4: I don't know,
just Google it.
>> Jon Kuperman: Whoa.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Jon Kuperman: kickserv.com?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
>> Jon Kuperman: Sweet.
>> Jon Kuperman: I'll reach local product,
cool.
All right, so can I go back again?
Whoa It made noise at me.
Cool I'll go ahead and run it on here.
Another thing to keep in mind with these
is they are auditing the specific page
that we're on.
So if you have a app with a couple of
big pages you'd want to run on those.
Running Audit.
Okay, at the same time, man this
site is doing something really wild.
You see these like rebounds?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah dude.
>> Jon Kuperman: Ten thousand errors?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
>> Jon Kuperman: Or sorry, a thousand.
Okay, so let's take it over the
>> [LAUGH]
>> Jon Kuperman: There, I have a feeling
there's something going on with this site,
a little bit more serious.
Like I think I'm just-
>> Speaker 1: You're just poking the bear.
>> Jon Kuperman: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 1: What you doing?
>> Jon Kuperman: I'm happy.
>> Speaker 4: I don't
know what it's doing.
>> Speaker 1: Woah.
>> Speaker 4: Woah.
>> Jon Kuperman: We got some issues.
So it's fine and then something happens
yeah, like there's some these are,
wait I wonder if this is just,
hold on a second let's take it in.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Jon Kuperman: Let's take it over here,
with no extensions on.
It's still doing something really wild.
Okay, so then I'll go and
I'll just enable just the accessibility
dev tools extension for incognito.
And then we'll go back over here and
see if I can,
I might have to I have to
make a new tab with that.
Either way, just trying to get that
one extension on with the rest of
the extensions off, basically, cool.
Now audit again, all right,
still going crazy.
>> Speaker 4: Still going crazy.
[CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 1: I want you to audit then.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, so
there's a chance-
>> Speaker 4: Big.
>> Jon Kuperman: There's a chance, there's
just something about the accessibility dev
tool that's freaking out with this.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
>> Jon Kuperman: Because it
wasn't freaking out before.
So let's then try a different approach.
Okay, so
this found issues without the redirects.
So we've got images missing alt
attributes, cool logo, white two X.
And all images missing all attributes,
links with no texts inside of them.
This one is tricky,
I don't love this rule.
Cuz this is very common to do, right?
So you have an anchor with
an image inside of that and
the image is the thing to
click on which will throw.
It'll throw an accessibility, I think it
throws an error with W3 validator, too.
I think it does.
They always want some type
of text inside of a link.
There's a couple of different
things that you can do out of here.
But the big thing is that the link then
doesn't get a name to be announced.
It's like, where is the link,
what does the link do, where is it going?
So you can work around it with,
you can ignore that error and
work around it with giving it a title or
a label or something like that.
You can also put some text it in and
visually hide it so it still gets read but
it doesn't get seen.
>> Speaker 1: So
what about images being the sole element
within an anchor and the all text of that.
Would you want the all
text to be descriptive
of where the link should take you?
>> Jon Kuperman: Exactly, no that's,
no that's exactly the problem.
Like that's what it's complaining about.
Cuz it's like all text should
be like the image description,
not about where it's going, right?
You wouldn't want an image of
an arrow with an alt text that said,
check out, right?
>> Speaker 1: There is no alt text there,
so if there was?
>> Jon Kuperman: So
there are two different issues going on.
One, the image should have alt text
that says, whatever Kickserve logo.
But then also,
there should be either a label for
the link or a syntax that's visually
hidden in the link that says what it does.
Like return home or
something like that, right?
And that's a really common one because
it's a pretty common pattern to
put an image in a link and call it.
>> Speaker 1: What's that one right above?
>> Jon Kuperman: This one?
Image alt.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, what is that?
>> Jon Kuperman: I think,
let me see real quick.
I think it might be too long.
I think you get like 255 characters or
something like that.
>> Speaker 1: Or
just a spec of it of keyword staffing.
>> Jon Kuperman: It might be that too.
Alt text limit, I'm not sure if
they have a character limit on it.
Anyway, I could do more research on
that but yeah it looks like, so one
thing that I'm not sure if this ran out of
room or if there really isn't a closing
quote on this alt text which
might actually be the problem.
But I would wager that it's either,
>> Jon Kuperman: Here it is, sorry,
it's very long, alt attributes
should be clear, concise, accurate.
So, yeah,
I think it's just extended whatever,
it uses as a calculation for-
>> Speaker 1: I have relatively
good example when to look at.
>> Jon Kuperman: Cool.
>> Speaker 1: IBM actually
does a pretty darn good job.
>> Jon Kuperman: Just their main site?
>> Speaker 1: IBM.com, sure.
Even just their home page.
>> Jon Kuperman: All right,
a blank heading element.
I wonder what they use that for.
I'm gonna in a separate
tab go to IBM.com and
then I just wanna kinda see what
this sucker's being used for.
>> Speaker 1: And if you looked at
that like well structured headings.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: I've got really for
the most part they've only got one area
where they actually have any contrast
issues.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: I've been doing
some work with the IBM folks and
they're [CROSSTALK] pretty
into accessibility.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah I'm not sure
what they're using this one for.
[LAUGH] I can't seem to find it anywhere.
It's somewhere inside here,
so you go, okay.
So they have an H3 window
with content in it.
Single iFrame without a title.
Same alt text on multiple images.
This one's really tricky to avoid
sometimes, because it's, you'll have,
like if you have a CMS of any kind, you'll
have alt text associated with an image,
and maybe you need to use that image
twice, and then you get this error.
So I wouldn't, I don't know that I would
worry about it all that much, and so
this is the same alt text
being used on multiple images.
Although, I guess what it's saying here,
yeah, so
here's where it gets tricky is that
the images have different sources.
So are these two appear
to have the same source?
Yeah, support learning lab and
support developer works,
both just yeah developer
works probably not the best.
They can have better than that, yeah but
I do see somethings if you use Wordpress.
With Wordpress you can put all
text at time of implementation or
you can add all text to
the image in your media library.
So if you're to do that and reuse an image
twice on a page it could be problematic
but, ya, I think this one just
could be a a little bit better.
This one, ya again,
people do this one a lot.
Link text is uninformative and
it just says learn more.
This is like I think a lot of U.I.
best practices battling
accessibility best practices.
You know, people like, learn more is
like a super common content hierarchy.
And you put your title,
your little paragraph, a learn more link.
But for accessibility purposes,
the link should be a little
bit clear about what it does.
Like learn more about IBM's video CTA or
whatever, you know what I mean?
Learn more about something.
So I think that's kind of
what it's complaining about-
>> Speaker 1: What's a recommended fix?
What are they recommending for the fix?
>> Jon Kuperman: Don't use generic text.
Use text that accurately and
concisely conveys where the link goes.
>> Speaker 1: That's the problem.
What's for it to know,
that's not on the link?
>> Jon Kuperman: I see, yeah, yeah.
I don't think I have a tenant account,
but basically it's gonna suggest,
I doubt it'll be specific enough,
but it is gonna suggest just that.
That you use some kind of actually
specific, again you can get away,
you can kinda maybe please both,
by being like learn more about
whatever the specific thing is.
Link gives us an invalid hypertext
reference what have we got here.
JavaScript colon semicolon.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
>> Jon Kuperman: That looks like,
I think that might be a bug.
>> Speaker 1: I've never seen that before.
>> Jon Kuperman: I've never
seen that before either.
>> Speaker 4: I don't think it's a, look,
it has something to do with a video.
Video blog link [CROSSTALK] If you want
that to do an action but not go anywhere?
>> Jon Kuperman: No, so that's fine,
so you can do like JavaScript void for
that, right?
But what about, is this like?
>> Speaker 4: I think it's the same.
>> Jon Kuperman: I don't know, yeah, so
we could look into those things,
yeah, might be.
I've just never seen that approach before.
Yeah, so okay.
None of this is like, I don't want to be
like digging into people's dirty laundry
or whatever but it's cool.
It's like interesting, you can go to
the sites and start getting some ideas and
a lot of this stuff should be like really,
really easily fixable.
Which is like one of the point I want
to drive home like this isn't like
men like I need a, you know like we
can figure my server to do blah blah.
It gets really it is like go in and
like remove this three,
man keep opening dictionary.
[LAUGH] Or
add a title attribute to this one iframe,
stuff like that, I mean, you could do
a lot of these probably in a single day.
Which is pretty powerful when
you think about how many users
everyday could be better,
if you were to do these thing.
Does anybody else have a site they want?
Otherwise, I'm gonna call it.
>> Jon Kuperman: Healthcare.gov-
>> [LAUGH]
>> Jon Kuperman: secure Security,
cool there's a bunch in here okay.
>> Jon Kuperman: Now so this site got
reamed when they first came out, right?
Like it was broken, it was like not
working at all I think when it first
launched Pretty sure there was like
a whole big thing about it, okay, cool.
So, it looks pretty decent,
it's got one of these issue, so,
let's see we'll see roll equals tabs.
So, we want a tabless around it,
in order to get the most of that and then,
other than that, we've got One image
in a background, sometimes this will
complain even when it's not a meaningful
image, in this case it is whoops.
>> Jon Kuperman: View and elements panel.
>> Jon Kuperman: I don't
even see an image.
Okay, well I don't know what it is,
but Text elements.
it does have some contrast
issues looks like these.
This is like my steam,
it's kind of same thing,
white on blue looks like not as great
of contrast as it might appear to be.
Again links, see this the kind of
area where I complained that I,
I'm not sure how I feel about it.
Okay so when you, okay as a sighted
user Links to change the language make
a ton of sense, right, cuz it will just
say the language's name in that language.
But as a non-cited user, especially now,
one thing they're doing really well
here is that they have a lang attribute so
the screen will know to translate,
but It'll still seem a little bit maybe
weird where it's not actually saying any
like changing the language to Chinese or
something like that.
It's really just like the word Chinese.
I still think it's okay,
context clue wise.
Like if you're scrolling through and
then it's like Chinese, Japanese,
English you know you're like
it's a language picker.
But it could be better.
Honestly even having a label would be
a lot better you know just to be like
change the language to Chinese,
something like that.
Cool.
Again, a big one people miss is
just putting the language in here.
Webpages that has a title tag.
Yeah, so
there's no title tag to healthcare.gov.
>> Speaker 1: The link
that somebody posted for
the sole security site looks like it's,
it's pretty clean.
It's like,
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
secure.ssa.gov/iClaim/dib.
>> Jon Kuperman: Did I get it right?
Yeah, typos., I type very well when
50 people aren't looking at me,
just so you all know, I'm a great typer.
>> Speaker 1: It looks right.
>> Jon Kuperman: One of the best.
Excellent.
>> Speaker 4: Tremendous.
>> Speaker 1: Https
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
Here we go.
Direct fast sites.
Okay, do another audit here.
So one thing that's kinda funny like
one thing that you'll notice is that
accessibility though it's kinda becoming
a harder topic in mainstream web.
It's been really important for
like educational, government and
like banking institutions for
a really long time.
So, you'll see some of this sites like a
lot of times that maybe don't look super,
cutting edge, but the accessibility
experience will be like, amazing on this.
You know, you'll see like an or something
like that, and it's like, you know,
It might look a little bit like old style.
But then yeah you'll like
pop on the screen reader and
it's like a delightful experience.
So it's pretty cool that you can like so
I guess like roll equal mains only
appear on significant elements
which actually this feels significant so
I'm not sure what that's about.
What looks like one
collision with an iFrame and
a link that are kinda touching each other
even though they're both focusable and
then other than that it's all good.
This is probably the best site I've ever
seen as far as asessability audits go.
So yeah, great job with social security,
that's awesome and I think,
do we have one more?
Yeah, mybenefitscalwind.org.
>> Speaker 1: Am I allowed
to suggest donaldjtrump.com?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
they just have that not XSS XSS but
we can do accessibility audit too.
Again this one's really great, this is
like I think we're gonna start seeing this
like weird audit sites all day if
they're like dot edu or dot org.
And they're institution sites
they're gonna be mostly green and
if they're really slick looking like web
2.0 sites they're gonna be probably having
some issues.
Yeah, this one looks good again.
Its got that AntiPattern that we talked
about at the very beginning of don't
put positive integers,
except what they're really doing
here it's a skiplink like we built.
It's kind of good where they're like,
push make that skip,
it blinks right up at the top, so I would
give this one a pass and say that's okay.
Meaningful images again,
kinda starting to see the same
thing a few warnings about ratio.
Other than that it looks really good.
Does this have its own domain?
Yeah, ysplash/officialshirt.
>> Jon Kuperman: It's not the page,
I don't know how to get to his page.
Continue to site, my bad.
Stop, stop.
>> Jon Kuperman: Clear.
>> Jon Kuperman: Dang it.
>> Jon Kuperman: My goodness, I like,
there, it was like gone for a minute.
Okay, cool, not it.
Some controls missing labels,
I think like the hope here is to like
We covered a whole lot of stuff.
But now we can see that it's a smaller
world where it's like, okay,
we're seeing a lot of the same stuff.
Those controls need labels,
those images need alt texts.
If you're gonna do roles,
which you should,
just make sure you structure them like
children need to belong to parents.
Check your colors to contrast ratio,
that kind of thing.
Yeah, a few images missing all text.
Meaningful images in the background.
Contrast ratio, same stuff same stuff.
Missing a tittle, missing a language.
And then here's a few that
are tabulable but they are hidden for
some reason like telephone number and
stuff like that.
So they should be probably not
tabulable or not invisible and then,
yeah, that same closed-captioning
thing for the video.
So, yeah, unless anybody has another site,
any questions, things like that,
that's all I had.
>> Speaker 1: I would say that that is
a common problem that I've run into
in auditing other people's sites,
is where they'll elements like.
Maybe it's a pop-up or
a menu on Hover or something like that
they have not taking out of
the keyboard access while it's hidden.
And so someone's tabbing through the site,
and suddenly, it disappears.
Yeah, I really don't
have an idea where it is.
>> Jon Kuperman: Okay, so if you have like
modal And it has form fields in it or
something like that right?
Then if it's hidden off,
it can still be part of the tab index,
there's a couple of ways
you can deal with that.
Yeah, cuz you can give it no tab index,
take it away and then give it back.
You can do ARIA hidden for it, and
I think that'll keep it out of,
I'm not sure on that one.
I think you can.
>> Speaker 1: You can hit it with CSS.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, right, so yeah,
there's a couple different approaches,
you can have that.
I've definitely had that before where
I'm tabbing through the nav and
then my cursor is gone,
and I'm like, where is it?
And then it shows back up on the page
again, I'm like, whoa, where were you?
[LAUGH] And if you look on the dom,
yeah, you'll see some form elements.
That's a really good one.
Yeah, I've definitely seen that before,
cool.
>> Speaker 1: You can't tell where you
are if you try tabbing through the site.
>> Jon Kuperman: So that's one that it,
yeah, it doesn't really catch, so
this is a good example.
This is one that it didn't catch but
you all could catch now that you know, so
I'm tabbing through here and
I have absolutely no idea where I am,
even as the screen moves.
So here I see these, this form actually
has not a focus but it has my cursor.
But then if I tab back or forward,
I have no visual indicators like at all,
until I get all the way up to the URL.
.So again it's like, and this is gonna be
one for those of you who are developers,
you gonna probably have to be like
going and forth with designers.
And it will be like, no, this is how I
want it to look and you're like I need
some kind of focus indicator,
we need some kind of visual clue.
That can be a tough battle sometimes but
it is yeah, it is tough if you're trying
to keyboard only and
you have no idea where you're at, cool.